Generate plantUML code for a class diagram satisfying the following requirements:
The processes we want to describe are recording the product on the shelf, the customer collecting products, and payment after choosing items. In this part, we have two types of customers: Normal and Extra-customer. Before purchasing products from different continents, the supermarket organizes them according to their type and group. Each product is recorded with features such as a unique Product ID, Name, Type (e.g., Alimentation, Pastry/Bakery, Butcher), Expiry Date, Price, and Storage Location (e.g., Shelf, Cold Chamber, Freezer). The supermarket uses a physical inventory system where every product purchased is recorded on a stock form. When the chief of the store wants to check the number of products in the store, they take all forms for each product and count the products to verify if the number written on the form matches the actual number of products stored. After purchasing a new product or receiving it from a supplier, those products are recorded in stock with the quantity. For selling, a product is placed on shelf based on the type and storage location requirements. Products like cheese and meat may be stored in the cold chamber or freezer before being placed on the shelf. The expiration dates of these products are checked. When customers enter the supermarket, they may see products in different groups. Each customer is identified by customer ID, name and type. Employees can help orient customers by showing where products are placed. After choosing and selecting products, customers use a basket for storing goods. They check the price, expiration date, and ingredients of the products before proceeding to the cashier. At checkout, products are scanned by the cashier using each product's Product ID and Quantity. Payment can be made either in cash, where the customer presents cash to the cashier, or by card, where the customer presents a bank card for payment. The cashier processes the payment and provides an invoice if needed. The delivery process begins when the customer first interacts with the service organisation and ends when the delivery is completed, and the customer exits the process. Each order is recorded with order ID, products, quantity and status. After receiving an order from the chief of order, the bakery and pastry agents prepare the goods and package them according to the product category. The chief of order then verifies the order against the proforma invoice to ensure accuracy. Controllers check the delivery for any discrepancies or theft. Each delivery information contains delivery ID, order and status of the delivery. After the delivery, the proforma invoice’s stump and original are transferred to the office of the general director.